I'm booing when you step out of town
So, you gonna talk to any group of people?
I don't think so.
Look, I know you got a part-time job lined up
and you're gonna find your...
Yeah, so...
So, the video production people are here.
I'm sure they have part-time.
Yeah, I still don't know.
Look, Dennis, you're good at it.
Besides, they do corporate videos.
Nothing bad.
Come on, just talk to them.
All right, I'll check it out.
I hear you.
Eventually, you want to work part-time
to pursue other passions.
Well, I'd like to start part-time.
It's doable.
But after you're established,
after a few years of hard work and dedication,
you'll be able to pick your own jobs
and you'll even get to set your own schedule.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Hey, thanks so much for your time.
One second, before you leave.
Just so you know, here's what you can make in your first year.
My advice?
Try not to get too caught up in the sacrifice.
Think about the payback.
Thanks.
Money.
No.
Wealth.
Proverbs 23, 4 and 5.
Do not wear yourself out to gain wealth.
Stop and show understanding.
When you cast your eyes on it, it is not there.
For it will surely sprout wings that can eagle
and fly off into the sky.
Hey, you ready to go?
Yeah, ready.
So you talk to anybody?
Yeah.
Learned anything good?
I did.
We'll tell you.
Do not set your mind on lofty things,
but be let along with the lowly things.
Romans 12, 16.
Oh, Lena, do you still have your study
before the Chinese meeting?
Yeah, thank you for picking me up after work.
OK, have fun.
Bye, honey.
Enjoy your study.
Thanks.
Love you.
Bye.
Good morning, Lena.
Oh, good morning.
So sales team dropped the ball and didn't tell us
that the clients this morning speak Chinese.
You can do this, right?
Yeah, sure.
Perfect.
Thanks.
See you soon.
Thank you, you guys.
I hope you guys will like my cooking.
Now.
Nice job, Lena.
Well done.
OK.
You wanted to see me?
Lena, come on in.
Thanks.
Great job this morning.
Thank you.
Yeah, really well done.
And what we saw in there confirmed something
that we've been thinking about for a while.
About what?
A TV network wants to do a new reality series.
That's right.
In each episode, we do a project for a customer.
You want to cast from among our designers and builders,
and they need a young person to host.
Hello?
Lena, you are a top pick.
Listen, this can change your life.
We want you to think it over, but we need to know soon.
Sorry, Lena.
Vanessa, where are we at with me?
Generation of design.
We're mirroring tonight at 8.30 Central.
All new season, tonight at 8.30 Central.
Sorry, it didn't work out, Lena.
We had to go with a new host this year.
Do not set your mind on lofty things,
but be led along with the lonely things.
I could sacrifice all these spiritual things,
and I still might not make it in the business world.
But even if it did work out, I'd be worse off.
Either way, I don't want to give up spiritual things.
OK, where were we?
Lena, this sounds big, right?
It does.
And I know this seems quick, but my mind's
already set on some big things.
So thank you so much, but I just can't do both.
Hey, hey, you ready to go?
Yeah, but where's your car?
Are you serious?
Your car's busted again.
You need a new car, man.
Can your parents drive us?
Or?
Well, they want to study right now.
We can walk, they'll meet us there.
The bakery's just down the street.
We'll pick something up for the radencoes.
All right.
Hey, you want some coffee?
Yeah, sure.
OK.
Then I'm going to have two coffees and a box of targets.
Thanks so much.
You're welcome.
Your coffees will be ready in a car.
You're just waiting on our drinks.
Hey, what are you so into?
Bro, they just released the entire season
to Let's Binge Watch This Weekend.
Yeah, I don't watch that show anymore.
It started getting weird.
All the heroes lived together in that house
and date each other.
Right, but it's both the action scenes.
It's not like it shows them having sex.
Order's up.
Your coffees are ready.
I'll get it.
Here you go.
Thanks, man.
Hey, Jake, I bought the show.
Here's a scripture that helped me out.
Romans 12 verse 2.
Right.
That one says stopping molded by the system of things.
But you know I wouldn't do those things.
Yeah.
But it also says, be transformed by making your mind over.
I honestly felt that that show was making my mind over
in the wrong direction.
OK, but it still do it, right?
Sure.
But let's say, for example, you're interested in someone.
Let's say Vicki.
Maybe.
Well, imagine the two of you start dating.
You'd find good ways to get to know each other
and see each other in different situations.
But if your mind isn't fully made over to Jehovah's way,
how far might you go?
OK, a seer point.
But I'm still not convinced it tripped me out.
Yeah, but it's worth thinking about.
I saw you looking at Dennis.
Please, you and Jake were inseparable.
He is cute and doing pretty good spiritually.
Pretty good or really good?
Let's just say good.
Besides, it's not like we're dating.
It's just observing.
That's good to hear, girls.
You're both still young.
But you can't help notice.
It's spirituality or the looks.
Hey, Mom, what was the first thing that you noticed about Dad?
Oh, well.
Oh, I wasn't the first one she noticed.
Oh, you have to tell us.
OK.
His name was Tony.
And it was definitely looks first.
But then her parents said, you need to look deeper.
Yeah.
They definitely gave me a lot to think about.
The verse at Proverbs 31 and 30 had a big impact on me.
It says, charm may be false and beauty may be fleeting.
But the woman who fears Jehovah will be praised.
When I thought about that verse, I realized it applied to me,
but it also applied to Tony.
Neither of us was looking for the person who fears Jehovah.
I tried to think what my life would be like,
married to somebody who didn't put spiritual things first.
And I really didn't like what I saw.
So I decided that it was best to end things with Tony.
And I started pioneering.
And a year later, at Pioneer School, I noticed someone else.
You were hard to miss, too.
Thanks.
Still, it took time.
It did.
It really took until we could see ourselves putting Jehovah first,
but together.
This is a choice that could either bring laughter or sorrow.
And the feelings that start in it with the heart,
they could be gone tomorrow.